# Passing arguments to a script using `sys.argv`

When you define a function, you can specify parameters that are used to pass
data inside the function:

```python
def test(arg1):
    print(f'The argument is {repr(arg1)}.')

test('over')
# The argument is 'over'.
```

A similar thing can be done at the script level, so that when you execute it at
the command line, you can pass arguments that will be used inside the script.

```python
import sys
print(sys.argv)
```

#### PRACTICE A

Read argv.py to understand what it is doing. Then, run argv.py with arguments
and see what happens. Pass more than one argument. By default, bash splits
arguments on spaces. Can you get bash to pass an argument to python that
includes a space?

What happens if you give an argument that is a glob of files in your directory
(`*.py` or `*.md`)?

#### PRACTICE B

Write a script named `write_a_file_named.py` that takes an argument through
sys.argv and saves it as a variable `filename`. Then open a new file with that
name and write the string `'It worked!'` to that file. Finally, call your
script as follows:

```bash
$ python3 write_a_file_named.py larry.txt
```

This will create a file called `larry.txt`. Read `larry.txt` to make sure that
it contains the text `It worked!`.

#### PRACTICE C

Write a script called `print_count.py` that takes any number of filenames as
argv arguments and prints each filename and the number of print function calls
in that file. Call your script with a glob of all the markdown files in the
`activities/` directory.
